1.What is Framework?
=> A framework defines a set of rules or best practices which we can follow in a systematic way to acheive the desired result.There are different types of 
   framework and most common are 
  -Data Driven framework
  -keyword Driven framework
  -Hybrid Testing framework 
  
2.Have you created any Framework?
=>Yes, I have designed a framework as well as used the framework already available and also contributed in designing 

3.What is Page object model ?
=>Lets say in you web application you have multiple module,In POM we create a separate java classes for each module.All the separate class we will define webelement and method into
  this class which is also called as first layer, Then we will create another class called test classes where we write our test cases, this is a second layer.On the top we will 
  create a base class where we write all browser information, This is also called a parent class,In base class we initialize browser, also properties file, also URL, maximize window,
  pageloadTimeOut(), deleteAllcookies, This is a third layer then properties file will be 4th layer and data driven test will be 5th layer, i Also create a utility class like screen
  shot method, sendmail(),This is a 6th layer.Another component is reporting it could be HTML,TestNG,XML Report this is 7th component,all the layer are in package   
  

4.what do you define in properties files?
=>Environment variables like browser, URl, username, password   

5.Where do you store your Data?
=>Read and write Apache POI 

6.What is apache MAVEN?
=> Maven is build automation tools,As we do in our regular project we have to download a jar file and add that into the project. In MAVEN they have repository that we can
   add into our project in the form of dependency.in the form og gropuID,artifactID, Version
   
7.What is Maven lifecycle?
=> It has 3 major lifecycle 
   1.Maven compile - it will comile all your java class by using maven compiler plugin 
   2.Maven test -  It can execute test cases with the help of surefire plugin 
   3.Maven resources or generate jar   - It will create JARs/WAR's/EAR's 
   
8.How do you execute Maven project from eclipse?
=> Right click in the project run as Maven Test   


9.How do you just want to compile your build only test cases in MAVEN?
=> mvn package -Dskiptests

10.How to integrate Jenkins with selenium?
=>
 